fix: Unexpected error when loading webdav files (#35257)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/four-houses-doubt.md

---
'@rocket.chat/meteor': patch
---

> Fixes an issue where an unexpected error is thrown when webdav node hasn't mime parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an issue where an unexpected error is thrown when webdav node doesn't have the mime parameter
```
